MyBoard
    A simple custom bulliten board software
    PHP based
    Should be able to run under apache/lighttpd/nginx
    Database using MySQL/MariaDB
    Multi-usable (a single installation can be used more than once)
        This is accomplished by creating a file (index.php or whatever),
        including the MyBoard bootstrap.php file, then calling the
        MyBoard::Execute method passing the app configuration.
        If the public and/or private data directory are directly accessible
        then a URL can be listed.  If the URL is empty, then the sendfile
        method is used.  If the method is nginx, the URL is treated as the
        prefix to access the data.
        Configuration:
            userdata.path
            userdata.sendmethod
            userdata.url
            // appdata.path does not exist, it is inferred from the software
            appdata.sendmethod
            appdata.url


Configuration
    The configuration is what is passed in initially to the board application.
    This is used to get the application up and running.

    userdata.path - REQUIRED - The path to the user data directory, that is the
        data that is created or customized by the end user)
    userdata.sendmethod - REQUIRED -  The method to use to send files from the user
        data directory.  If not specified, url is assumed.
        url (use a public URL prefix)
        direct (directly send the file from the PHP code (slow, should not use)
        apache-xsendfile
        apache-xsendfile2
        lighttd-xsendfile
        nginx-xaccelredirect (url is used as the prefix)
    userdata.url
        method=url, the URL prefix for user data, written directly to HTML
        method=others (url is written as entry.php/data/(public/user/...)
        method=nginx-xaccelredirect, the prefix to use for nginx x-accel-redirect
    # appdata.path - Does not exist, inferred by the application
    appdata.sendmethod - Same as userdata.method, except for the application data
    appdata.url - Same as userdata.url, except for the application data
    admin.masterkey - HASH of admin master key, or an array of hashes.  This is used to "login"
        to the board for administrative purposes.  Such a user can't create posts (since this
        key doesn't mean the user has a corresponding user id) directly from this key.  It is
        possible to log in as a user as well as a master admin.
    database.host (host, host:port, or /socket of database)
    database.prefix (prefix used for all tables)
    database.username
    database.password
    

